well they are the strongest ever in this
new video must be of various types from
But before I started I wanted to phone
tell you that this part this small
introduction piece I recorded it at
part because it is towards a file or a month
has deleted good I found and then
has redone it and as the first type to
phone wanted to put the game is
let's say that he can't take me anymore
represents that we give the boyfriend boy
of bari that is already on the phone all the
games and when he wins a bonsai parties
here we are almost at the finish line
let's use it if there are first cuts we have
won as a second type dates from we have
the professional one who knows everything about
each phone within this new
video today I present this new
smartphone you love to have like
feature a 4.3 screen
8- inch megapixel video camera
hd is a dual core processor and a
gigabytes of ram gps is as rich as a third
type from optical telephone to non-athens
we have either the boy or the girl who is
make the senses in any place a
any time with the white wall with the
fan with the lampara door
ancient with the pareto water of the stadium
as the fourth type by telephone we have the
chirchio just posted this again
smartphone at 699
I don't discharge it a few days 0 79 but
we're crazy 179 no no no no no i don't
I buy that crap review a star
it cannot cost 0 79 to fifth place
we have the elder that when first frets
answer the phone hello little grandson you have
ate question mark
obvious how it is static by phone
we have the players whoever
phone or smartphone in hand is there
humanity of you between carlo ok i bought
this new smartphone
now I wanted it to the PC and I can start
to treat it then we see a little like that
perfect treatise
now I don't have to have applications anymore
as the last type by phone we have the
lazy we all know for one
person who for me for example me for
first I mean what on whatsapp
while we write the poems with the keys
arrived there and tendon records
vowels always always call answer
Hello
now begins a memory message
what balls I can't listen to
recordings but not by chance this
even the boys rate if this is me
liked left I like it if you want
subscribe to the channel if you can season it
the video do as you please
especially if you have any ideas
writing milan and comments are all
well accepted
see you in class hello